# Multi-media-Customer-Support-Chatbot

The rapidly growing field of Artificial Intelligence and its magic has led to its integration in every domain. While it is vastly adopted around the world, testing AI models and applications has become even more important, especially in medical and autonomous vehicle domains. The evolution of AI testing tools demands innovative approaches to enhance their efficacy and user experience. This project report introduces a novel Multi-Media Chatbot that can be embedded with AI testing tools, equipped with built-in testability features and reinforcement learning with human feedback (RLHF) capabilities. This approach aims to revolutionize AI testing by bridging the gap between complex testing procedures and intuitive user interaction. The solution involves a way to convert any text corpus into a knowledge Graph by just prompting the LLMs and utilizing it to generate Natural Language responses to the tool users. The chatbot leverages text, image, and audio user queries to facilitate human-like responses back to users. The word-level, information-level, and user-level built-in testability features will make the chatbot responsible and reliable without human interaction. Meanwhile, the RLHF will continuously learn from the user interactions to optimize the efficiency and accuracy of the chatbot. This report details the design and development of the AI chatbot including its architecture, testing features, and RL algorithms. Evaluation results show significant improvements in user satisfaction, test coverage, and smooth user experience of these AI testing tools compared to traditional customer service agents. 
Keywords: Multi-media chatbot, AI testing tools, built-in testability, reinforcement learning with human feedback, Knowledge Graph, user experience, customer support AI agents. 
